The military is always looking for people who speak other languages and
they will train you if you don't know the language they need you know.
When I got done with Morse code training in Pensacola after my
first year in the marine corps they sent me to Washington DC for an
entire year to learn Vietnamese. A lot of people get that obligation
and opportunity. I enjoyed the training and was trained in Vietnamese.
I was trained as a christological linguist not an interpretor or
an interrogator so that's a little different duty, but there those
are the two languages that I was certified to speak by the marine corps
air. In high school I learned a little French and in college I learned
little German. And now at my age by German and French are still
much better because of so comparable to English. English being made
up of Anglo Saxon and and French words, that it's just makes sense
to me. Vietnamese is a total Asian language and because it was so
strange to me. I was good at what I was doing that but as soon as I
quit doing it it went away from me very fast. The only thing I can do
now is very very basic conversational Vietnamese hello goodbye 1,2,3,
kinds of things.